how did this mom end up here
doctors found these new phones I'm
tearing these up with my teeth like an
old-school cartoon Billy Goat honey
Mitch does your daughter's okay I'm
ready you look beautiful
I used to hold that girl in the palm of
my hand he was becoming a woman you're
gonna have to deal with that thanks for
that why are you here you think I'm
gonna miss the most important that if
you yawn oh hey there's my graduation
graduation is for losers tonight is the
first night of our adult lives I want to
go to prom gonna lose my goddamn
virginity prom night it's kind of
perfect I'm in Julie let that top open
giving our kids all emojis have a secret
meaning Oh eggplants are dicks this is
some kind of a dick related agreement
[Music]
are not thinking things through I may
stop them I'm in I'm fully planning on
having sex tonight
wherever the night takes us the night's
gonna take us there wherever the wind
sails our ships your ship is going into
my harbor
[Music]
they're diddly wwbd what would Vin
Diesel do
hey fast the Furious is completely
unrealistic it's not a documentary I get
that
I'll do anything for my daughter what
about a chugging contest bring it
not that kind of chugging
[Music]
you